yo what's up it's August so it's time to
do oddest mask update update you on all
my masks because you care about what all
my masks are and make a video about them
here's my first mask is one that I got
angel stadium it's angel stadium mask
has got the a on it as one mask here's
another mask it's a red mask also as
gold on it as a gold mask also his
golden red that mask see it and then I
got this mask and Derek said it looks
like Mexican Batman the Mexican bat mask
it has ear tassels is that mask and then
I got this one is somebody called it the
confuser when i bought it is real spooky
see he's like will confuse i will
spooked out real confused this one is
psychosis he's got hair and horns he
real crazy and I like psychosis a lot he
was in WCW and then he was in WWE but
then he didn't have his mask and
everyone found out he was very ugly and
now he doesn't have a job this one I got
for free because I bought so many other
masks is called matchy-matchy house it
has numbers all over it that's the
number three it's backwards this is
number two and there's the letter A
because Derek's has six and ryans has
the lowercase e Wayne has an a because
they are hand made in mexico and there's
rey mysterio mask is blue is one the
ones that have the longest but fell down
and have a put it back up yet and
there's a cross man
love this he's just all about God cross
me in this here's the ones that have
hung up there's la parka or le parc
another mysterio mask hooray and then
the best one spider-man mask from target
those are all my August masks so who
knows maybe in September there will be
more masks so I you can do another mask
update and you guys will be waiting with
bated breath to see what my nest next
masks are maybe I'll give a brown one
this spider-man something is on a little
mask it's kind of fun right we're the
same